1. Add the sample web log data to Kibana.

2. Answer the following questions:
	In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India?
		225

	In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX?
		8

	In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors?
		404 - 0%
		503 - 25%

	In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website?
		China

	Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity?
		9, 1, 2

	List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type (use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type).
		.gz - An archive file made by GNU
		.css - Cascading Style SHeet, used to format a webpage
		.zip - Another archive format
		.deb - A software isntallation package
		.rpm - Another isntallation package develeoped for Red Hat Linux

3. Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.
	Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity).
		June 13th 21:00
	
	In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity?
		There was only 1 unique visitor but there was the most traffic out of all the other days by about double the amount which definitly makes this a suspicous moment.

4. Filter the data by this event.
	What is the timestamp for this event?
		June 13th 21:00 - June 14th 0:00
	
	What kind of file was downloaded?
		.rpm file
	
	From what country did this activity originate?
		India
	
	What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor?
		200

5. Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.
	What is the source IP address of this activity?
		35.143.166.159
	
	What are the geo coordinates of this activity?
		-73.6103075, 43.34121
	
	What OS was the source machine running?
		Windows 8
	
	What is the full URL that was accessed?
		https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/beats/metricbeat/metricbeat-6.3.2-i686.rpm
	
	From what website did the visitor's traffic originate?
		http://facebook.com/success/jay-c-buckey

6. Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.
	What do you think the user was doing?
		They were downloaded the install package for metricbeat.
	
	Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for?
		No it isn't malicious it is to isntall metricbeat.
	
	Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity?
		It is originating from India and going to China
	
	Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidelines?
		Majority of the traffic to the site is from China and India and going to China and India
	